# Visualizer
visualizer_type = "spectrum"
visualizer_color = "blue"
visualizer_look = "+|"

# Playlist
playlist_show_remaining_time = yes
playlist_shorten_total_times = yes
playlist_separate_albums = yes

# Looks
progressbar_look =  "->'"
user_interface = alternative

# How the browser looks
browser_display_mode = columns
search_engine_display_mode = columns
playlist_editor_display_mode = columns

# Centering
autocenter_mode = yes
centered_cursor = yes

# Don't delete items
allow_for_physical_item_deletion = no

# Startup screens
startup_screen = "playlist"
startup_slave_screen = "visualizer"
locked_screen_width_part = 50
ask_for_locked_screen_width_part = no

# Title
clock_display_seconds = yes
display_volume_level = yes
display_bitrate = yes
display_remaining_time = yes
enable_window_title = yes

# Media library settings
ignore_leading_the = no
media_library_sort_by_mtime = no
media_library_primary_tag = album_artist
default_place_to_search_in = database
cyclic_scrolling = yes
mpd_crossfade_time = "3"
playlist_disable_highlight_delay = 1
now_playing_prefix = "$b$r"
now_playing_suffix = "$/b$/r"

# Editor
external_editor = nvim
use_console_editor = yes

# Colors
progressbar_color = "blue"
statusbar_color = "blue"
progressbar_elapsed_color = "blue"
alternative_ui_separator_color = "blue"
color1 = "blue"
color2 = "blue"
main_window_color = "blue"
statusbar_time_color = "blue"
player_state_color = "blue"
window_border_color = "blue"
active_window_border = "blue"
